none of ori old bada Garris eggs are
alike his Easter collection is always a
real showstopper only the basic form has
the traditional oval shape
this egg illustrates the philosophy of
our house very well when you look at
this egg you wonder if it's an egg or a
work of art here I got the idea to
design a three-dimensional egg a 3d 40
year old Bella Gare inherited his talent
from his confectioner father as child he
watched his father create sumptuous
chocolate artworks he originally wanted
to study art but decided to follow in
the family's footsteps he applied his
fascination with sculpture to chocolate
and its almost limitless malleability it
never bothered him that his creations
are only temporary
he wants his figures to tell a story he
wants them to be more than just a
chocolate egg
is that a female this is an ephemeral
art but the best thing my customers say
to me is that sometimes they don't eat
the egg they leave it on display in the
living room or dining room because they
think it would be such a shame to eat it
that really pleases me Peleg and his
team of chocolatiers come up with around
10 new easter egg designs every year he
invites his employees to make
suggestions months in advance and makes
the final selection after test runs with
both adults and children
in 2001 Oriole alligator was named
Spain's best confectioner many more
awards have followed yes it's possible
to use an airbrush on chocolate
different food colors are sprayed on in
successive layers to form a skyline of
Barcelona I'm really lucky to be able to
work here when I started I always kept
Oreos beside my bed and I read it all
the time to draw inspiration
what's my vision I try to do things
differently I try to come up with things
that will be relevant in a couple of
years so I'll keep one step ahead of the
rest
it's small stepped from chocolate here
to pastry maker these cakes made of
eight different kinds of chocolate are
bestsellers and a prime example of the
fund Oriole ballet gear has
experimenting one unusual combination
fresh cheese mustard black cherries and
vanilla Oriole valet Garrick knows that
only some 20% of his clientele are
prepared to try such unusual creations
but it does nothing to discourage him
from experimenting
say so what is colostomy if you find
flavors you don't have in your memory
you have to sample them store them in
your memory and expand your repertoire
for aromas and combinations and if you
like it you can use it in your cooking
for instance I like mustard or lot and
for next Christmas I'm going to try to
come up with a praline with a hint of
mustard for our extreme collection
extreme Paula guerre astounds and
provokes his customers
a single handmade Valley egg costs
almost 100 euros but nevertheless he can
hardly keep up with demand we've been
following this tradition for many years
now it used to be with chicken eggs and
now it's chocolate eggs this one's
really nice and of course we eat them
too Oriol valadares Easter eggs are
works of art that are a joy both for the
eye and the palate